while Jonathan took over a
divided and the colleges here with
of fachin tutorial how to play
Then maybe I'll do the video tutorial as
download and install guys I'm recording
this vidinho because if you in audio
the other hospitalized because not in the last
videos only audi was not good
I left the program recording high
with both the friend and the
microphone to blast but now
is already life is who you think
the koff tracks I downloaded that come back leave in the
description and perhaps even an excerpt from
description the last two children today one
video I did was animations plus the
body fighting that one day me too
I played a lot of work, I do not know about the channel.
china writes this description of corn
then bombs and attacks on the move or
For now, I 'm going to move.
I'm always going to play here wasp-12b and here
the sakineh and the last aval space goes
you select the boys to understand that
He is a very good player.
I understand that nobody will play moment
answer well is open lakshimi button
state choose my character angel
Here the guys were 20, and I love you.
will tighten and beam will choose
you but you fracturing here
question is if the part you will get
with a chope nokia cech pieces
There you were the player you want
fighting for what the mic me that
piece will welcome was not here
difficulty difficulty is 17
choose what was remembering that beats
no he in the game the game was junior or
squeeze jvs I've heard hiv grip I
I'm going to hit the hot head I was waiting for
from my god a text causes enormous
mota think what was on this journey
I think there are a lot of people in my
blog you push this one down to
low and tight will make a hit
dinho
and I went